Added limitation of explicit ftps only (#127607)
Azure/azure-content: articles/connectors/connectors-create-api-ftp.md

* The FTP managed or Azure-hosted connector can create a limited number of connections to the FTP server, based on the connection capacity in the Azure region where your logic app resource exists. If this limit poses a problem in a Consumption logic app workflow, consider creating a Standard logic app workflow and use the FTP built-in connector instead.

> * The FTP connector doesn't work with implicit FTPS and supports only explicit FTP over FTPS, which is an extension of TLS.

Reviewer: Which FTP connector, built-in or managed?

Reviewer 2: @zzznz27 Could you [respond to the comment above](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/pull/127607#discussion_r2337448347)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Both the built-in and managed FTP connector support only explicit FTP over FTPS, which is an extension of TLS. Neither connector version supports implicit FTPS.
```

Reviewer 2: @zzznz27  - Can you respond to the requested changes or let us know if you would like us to commit them?

@ecfan  - When the changes are ready for publication, adding a `#sign-off` comment is the best way to signal that the PR is ready for the review team to merge. 

#label:"aq-pr-triaged"
@MicrosoftDocs/public-repo-pr-review-team

Reviewer: @v-dirichards: Can you please make the edits for the contributor? Thanks!
